# ThingsResources

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Thing** | [**map[string]interface{}**](.md) | Data structure for creating a Thing in Bosch IoT Things. For details, see &#x60;Create a new Thing&#x60; at the [Bosch IoT Things Http API Documentation](https://apidocs.bosch-iot-suite.com/index.html?urls.primaryName&#x3D;Bosch%20IoT%20Things%20-%20API%20v2). Note that in contrast to direct usage of the Things API, the &#x60;id&#x60; will not be generated, but will be set to the one specified in the request&#39;s ProvisioningRequestPayload. If set, it must match the one from the request&#39;s ProvisioningRequestPayload. Note that a Vorto model can be used to to define the capabilities of a Thing. To include the capabilities of a Vorto model, the fully qualified name (in the form namespace:name:version) of the model must be set in the &#39;definition&#39; field of the Thing. The model is then retrieved from the official Eclipse Vorto repository and its capabilities are automatically added to the Thing. Note that each Thing requires a Policy which defines its access control. You can specify the Policy for a Thing in three different ways:  * use a generated Policy (recommended): per default, the Device Provisioning Service creates a Policy for  you (which covers standard usage scenarios)  * use an existing Policy: specify &#x60;policyId&#x60; appropriately  * define your own Policy: define the Policy as an Inline-Policy (field &#x60;_policy&#x60;)  The generated Policy contains two entries:  * &#x60;DEFAULT&#x60;: Defines access for the Provisioner (the one who provisions the device with this API). It  provides full &#x60;READ&#x60; and &#x60;WRITE&#x60; access to the Thing, Messages and the Policy itself.  * &#x60;DEVICE&#x60;: Defines access control for the connectivity of the device. It provides full &#x60;READ&#x60; and &#x60;WRITE&#x60;  access to the Thing and Messages, but not to the Policy itself.  &#x60;&#x60;&#x60; {   \&quot;policyId\&quot;: \&quot;&lt;&lt;provisioningRequestPayload.id&gt;&gt;\&quot;,   \&quot;entries\&quot;: {       \&quot;DEFAULT\&quot;: {         \&quot;subjects\&quot;: {           \&quot;{{ request:subjectId }}\&quot;: { \&quot;type\&quot;: \&quot;suite-auth\&quot; }         },         \&quot;resources\&quot;: {           \&quot;thing:/\&quot;:   { \&quot;grant\&quot;: [\&quot;READ\&quot;, \&quot;WRITE\&quot;], \&quot;revoke\&quot;: [] },           \&quot;message:/\&quot;: { \&quot;grant\&quot;: [\&quot;READ\&quot;, \&quot;WRITE\&quot;], \&quot;revoke\&quot;: [] },           \&quot;policy:/\&quot;:  { \&quot;grant\&quot;: [\&quot;READ\&quot;, \&quot;WRITE\&quot;], \&quot;revoke\&quot;: [] }         }       },       \&quot;DEVICE\&quot;: {         \&quot;subjects\&quot;: {           \&quot;integration:{{ request:solutionId }}:hub\&quot;: {             \&quot;type\&quot;: \&quot;iot-things-integration\&quot;           }         },         \&quot;resources\&quot;: {           \&quot;thing:/\&quot;:   { \&quot;grant\&quot;: [\&quot;READ\&quot;, \&quot;WRITE\&quot;], \&quot;revoke\&quot;: [] },           \&quot;message:/\&quot;: { \&quot;grant\&quot;: [\&quot;READ\&quot;, \&quot;WRITE\&quot;], \&quot;revoke\&quot;: [] }         }       }   } } &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;  | 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


